# Lifelong-learning-and-digital-literacy
Increasing digital literacy for youth workers
Hello! Welcome to our project ‘increasing digital literacy for youth workers’. My name is Sandra van de Kraak and I’m working as an international youth worker and a trainer in the field of youth. As youth worker I like to play and often this doesn’t mean playing online and using online tools. I’m here to learn to work more open online and to understand how to connect better with young people online. If you want to support youth workers as myself to learn how to connect better online with young people, that would be great. As youth worker I have an ok knowledge and understanding of using the internet, but for sure not the competences that a ICT expert has. Together we can do great things.

I’m working together with youth workers to build their digital literacy and lifelong learning attitude so that they can include digital tools in their work with young people during outside school activities. I’m working via this open source because this will change also my own attitude in learning from others while teaching. It is a nice new online challenge.


What this project makes special is the huge understanding of international youth work and the needs of youth workers to support young people in the digital world. We have the ability  to develop training for youth workers from all kind of countries and have done an international research about digital literacy of young people. The outcome of this project will be that we will have a tool for youth workers that will support to increase their digital habits so they will connect easier online with young people and can issue open badges to the young people they work with. At the moment we are focussing on the competence problem solving online, or perhaps 
